branch note

Installation:
-------------

    In addition to install globally, you should also install
    branch locally.  This way you can use varous versions of
    brunch from one pj to another, with no conflicts.

    globally-installed brunch cli will correctly defer to local
    version.

Skeleton:
---------

    $ brunch new <skeleton git repo> <clone path>

    The above will clone from repo and followed by an npm install...

Folder and files:
-----------------

    app/
      • Contains the entire source codebase
      • No third-party JS files that are not designed to be wrappable
        as CommonJS modules.
      • Sub-dir: script, style, and template.

    public/
      • default target folder.

    assets/
      • its contents copy-pasted (recursively) into the target
        folder, without any processing.

    vendor/
     •  Will have its contents concatenated.
     •  Its script files will not get wrapped in modules.
        put there third-party libraries that do not play well
        with being wrapped as modules (no UMD-style loader, etc.).
     •  House codes that are capable of being wrapped, but as dependency
        need to be hoisted on globals instead of using require(…)

    Any file whose name starts with an underscore (_) is considered
    a partial, to be embedded into another file, and is therefore
    not processed standalone.

    The app, vendor and public folders are considered relative
    to Brunch’s configuration file.

    Customizing:

        paths.watched
            describe the base path(s) to watch.
            default value is ['app', 'test', 'vendor']

        conventions.vendor
          • Specifies the directories contain JS not to
            to be wrapped in modules.
          • can be regEx or fns.
          • If you include Bower dir, be aware that
            the components installed with Bower is never wrapped.

        conventions.assets
            defines what folders get copy as-is.

        paths.public
            defines target folder

        conventions.ignored
            defines files to ignore during processing


CommonJS module wrapping
------------------------

    Brunch wraps your script files (unless they’re in vendor) as
    CommonJS modules, therefore, your script in the files:

     1. have access to exports, module.exports and require(…).

     2. exist in a closure (all your explicit declarations, notably var
        and function, are thus private. Because of this, you can declare
        "use strict" at the top of your files, without fear of mandating
        strict mode for third-party scripts.

    module name:
    ------------

      • By default, modules are named from their path inside the watched
        paths.
      • If you only have one such path, it won’t prefix module names.
      • If you have many such paths, their path's basename will
        prefix module names.
      • The file extension is not used, this lets you use whatever script
        syntax you’d like (e.g. CoffeeScript or TypeScript).

    Customizing:
      • "modules.wrapper" and "modules.definition" specify the type of
         wrapping you use (you can disable it).
      • "modules.nameCleaner" lets you define how source file paths map
        to module names.



